{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9600\viewh11200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Melodeon
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 One row melodeon emulator with bass. Uses the standard keyboard\
function keys F1-F12 as melodeon buttons, the Control and Command\
 keys as bass buttons, and the space bar as the bellows. Unfortunately,\
depending on your luck, your keyboard may not detect more than two\
or three buttons pressed at once. I found an old keyboard worked much\
better. You can see what is going on in the bottom half of the melodeon\
window, which shows what keys the program thinks are pressed.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b Controls
\f1\b0 \
\
There are three drop down controls, a check box, a slider, and a\
button in the top half of the window. The instruments drop down lets\
you choose what midi instrument you would like to attempt to play. The\
reverse check box lets you play widdershins. The key drop down lets\
you choose a key to play in. There is a choice of Eb, Bb, F, C, G, D,\
A. The key defaults to C. More kays can be added by popular request,\
or you can hack the program yourself. The layout drop down lets you\
choose a layout. The volume slider lets you change the volume. The\
volume defaults to maximum. The quit button lets you give up, or you\
can close the application from the menu. The key may be changed by\
pressing the letter key corresponding to the desired playing key. The\
buttons may be reversed by pressing the 'R' key.\
\

\f0\b Playing
\f1\b0 \
\
Hold the keyboard in a vertical position, so the function keys are on\
the side you want to play the melody on. Adjust the reverse check box\
according to which hand you want to use. Press the keys as if they\
were melodeon buttons, and press the space bar to emulate waggling\
the bellows. If you don't know how to play melodeon see\
http://info.melodeon.net.\
\

\f0\b Function keys
\f1\b0 \
\
The function keys F9-F12 are defined by default in Keyboard and Mouse\
Preferences, Keyboard Shortcuts as Dock, Expos\'8e and Dashboard. You\
can disable this for the current session in Preferences, but F9 resets itself.\
Also F12 ejects and closes the DVD drive. According to Apple, this is built\
in and can't be changed.\

\f0\b \
Command-Space\

\f1\b0 \
This is defined in Keyboard Shortcuts as Spotlight. You can disable this.\

\f0\b \
Files
\f1\b0 \
\
COPYING 			- Licence file\
Makefile 				- Build file\
Melodeon.c 			- Source file\
Melodeon.app 			- Application\
Melodeon.xcodeproj 	- Xcode project file\
Readme.rtf 			- This file\
\

\f0\b Building
\f1\b0 \
\
Use the Makefile with  GCC, or use Xcode to build. \
}